Live by your inner knowledge and strength.
Intelligence and Intuition are two friends.
Peace of mind comes piece by piece.
Beware the effects of your actions.
The beauty of the soul is constant, continuous and endless.
Get in touch with yourself.
Create the beauty of unity by loving your life.
Be great, feel great, act great.
I am beautiful, I am bountiful, I am blissful.
Give love, get love.
Love is an infinite power.
Your strength is your own knowledge.
Socialise with compassion, kindness and grace.
Let us be kind and compassionate to remove the sadness of the world.
A healthy mind gives a healthy body.
Life has to be based on our interrelated self-strength.
The voice of your soul is breath.
This life is a gift.
Let your energy be used to build, not destroy.
Your deep inner self is your brightest light.
In life, don't create just an impression, create a trust.
Bless every soul, stand by every moment.
Kindness is the essence of life.
Life is a gift. Experience is the beauty.
Peace within guarantees peace without.
Say what you mean, mean what you say.
Joy is the essence of success.
May the peace of inner self bring us joy.
Mental happiness is total relaxation.
Friendship is a gift that lasts.
Life is a chance. Love is infinity. Grace is reality.
You should develop mental strenght.
Love is an infinite power.
Grace is kindness, compassion and caring.
Prosperity is within us.
Lift up others by your peaceful presence.
What belongs to you shall come to you.
The voice of your soul is breath.
It is not talking of love but living in love that is everything.
When you act with compassion you will never be wrong.
Life is a chance. Love is infinity. Grace is reality.
You are equally as beautiful as the universe.
Truth is everlasting.
Be aware that as much is above, tha much is below.
When ego is lost, then universality exists.
Appreciate the life you have been given.
Soul is the highest self.Experience will give you the power and confidence to be you.
The unknown has to be trusted.
Be you. Be great. Be together.
Love is strength and will give us knowledge.
Trust your identity, be in touch with your reality.
Trust is the question. Love is the solution.
The voice of your soul is breath.
Share your inner light and light up all you meet.
Be consistent as a constituent part of yourself.
Get in touch with yourself.
Speak to make yourself happy, don't speak to impress others.
Be giving, forgiving, compassionate and loving.
Give to others and give to yourself the same attention.
Have you hugged your soul today?
The world wants to see your inner fight.
Forgiveness is an act of consciousness.
Life is a chance. Love is infinity. Grace is reality.
Truth is everlasting.
Use your head to live with heart.
Find your unity in your service to all.
A peaceful mind is a strong mind.
Activate your being to be one with all.
Give happiness and you will end up happy.
The beauty of the soul is constant, continuous and endless.
Kindness is the test of friendship.
Communicate sacredness, build it, share it and spread it.
The worst enemy we have is our own fear.
Your great happiness is based on the warmth of your heart.
Peace within guarantees peace without.
Tomorrow has to become today to deal with it, you don't have to bother.
Love is strength and will give us knowledge.
Kindness is the gift of life.
Your strength is your own belief.
Experience will give you wisdom.
The art of happiness is to serve all.
Soul is the highest self.
Lift people up to their potential and higher self.
Love is the ultimate law of life.
Let your need be to help those in need.
Life has to be based on our interrelated self-strength.
Live to love. Love to give.
Without realising who you are, happiness cannot come to you.
The art of happiness is to serve all.
Nature teaches us harmony.
Grace is kindness, compassion and caring.
This body needs to be understood to be taken care of.
Forgiveness is an act of consciousness.
Love everyone, you will build up an aura of light and love.
Be as much outgoing as ingoing, create a balance.
Serve all in truth, in compassion and in grace.
Life is life, don't control it. Allow it.
Your inner self is your inner guide.
Love is an infinite power.
The truth lies underneath the superficial if you can look for it.
Soul is the highest self.
Life is life, don't control it. Allow it.
The gate to happiness is self-compassion.
Be aware that as much as above, that much is below.
Truth is everlasting.
The essence of life is to communicate love.

